################################################################################
#  THIS FILE IS 100% GENERATED BY ZPROJECT; DO NOT EDIT EXCEPT EXPERIMENTALLY  #
#  Read the zproject/README.md for information about making permanent changes. #
################################################################################
#czmq cffi bindings

This package contains low level python bindings for czmq based on cffi library.
Module is compatible with 
 * The “in-line”, “ABI mode”, which simply **dlopen** main library and parse C declaration on runtime
 * The “out-of-line”, “API mode”, which build C **native** Python extension

#Build the native extension

    python setup.py build

Note you need to have setuptools and cffi packages installed. As well as a checkout of all dependencies
at the same level as this project, because all dependant defs.py will be included in project cdefs.py.

#Using more cffi modules together
While zproject and CLASS encourages you to split your dependencies to smaller libraries, this does
not work well for cffi. zproject generated backends have own private cffi instance, which can't
be easily combined with others in one function call.

See ML thread about topic https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/python-cffi/JtAKU-g9Exg

The solution is to include all the definitions of dependant modules, so we will have an access
to underlying functions directly from top level module. It is a sort of static linking, but
the only way to ensure the cffi bindings will work accross multiple C libraries. And this is the
reason you need to have a checkout at the same level as the project.

The advantage is there are no python dependencies between modules.
